Add Winget support for Netdata Windows agent (#19595)
netdata/netdata: packaging/windows/WINDOWS_INSTALLER.md

2. **Grant Administrator Privileges**: You'll need to provide administrator permissions to install the Netdata service.

Once installed, you can access your Netdata dashboard at `localhost:19999`.

## Installing Netdata using Winget

This section provides instructions for installing Netdata using Winget, the official Windows package manager by Microsoft.

### Prerequisites

> Ensure you have Winget installed on your system. If not, follow the instructions on the [Winget documentation](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/windows/package-manager/winget/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Make sure Winget is installed on your Windows system. Need to install Winget? Check the official [Microsoft documentation](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/windows/package-manager/winget/).

```

### Install Netdata

> To install Netdata using Winget, run the following command:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Install Netdata by running this command in PowerShell:
```

```powershell
winget install netdata.netdata
```

### Update Netdata

> To update Netdata to the latest version using Winget, run the following command:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Get the latest Netdata features and security updates with:
```

```powershell
winget upgrade netdata.netdata
```

### Uninstall Netdata

> To uninstall Netdata using Winget, run the following command:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you need to remove Netdata from your system, use:
```

```powershell
winget uninstall netdata.netdata
```

### Troubleshooting Winget Installation

If you encounter issues while installing Netdata using Winget, consider the following troubleshooting steps:

1. **Ensure Winget is up to date**: Run `winget --version` to check the version and update if necessary.
2. **Check network connectivity**: Ensure your system has a stable internet connection.
3. **Verify package identifier**: Ensure you are using the correct package identifier (`netdata.netdata`).
4. **Review Winget logs**: Check the Winget logs for any error messages or details about the installation process.

> For further assistance, refer to the [Winget documentation](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/windows/package-manager/winget/) or seek help from the Netdata community.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you run into issues during installation, try these steps:

1. **Check Winget Version**: Use `winget --version` to verify you're running the latest version.
2. **Test Your Connection**: Make sure you have a working internet connection.
3. **Confirm Package Name**: Double-check that you're using the correct package ID (`netdata.netdata`).
4. **Examine Winget Logs**: If problems persist, review the Winget logs for specific error messages.

1. **Ensure Winget is up to date**: Run `winget --version` to check the version and update if necessary.
2. **Check network connectivity**: Ensure your system has a stable internet connection.
3. **Verify package identifier**: Ensure you are using the correct package identifier (`netdata.netdata`).
4. **Review Winget logs**: Check the Winget logs for any error messages or details about the installation process.

Need more help? Visit the [Winget documentation](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/windows/package-manager/winget/) or reach out to the Netdata community.
